The Joe Rogan.
Experience. This is what comes with it. And that's why you're so good, man.
Th th that hustler mentality, that's so important. That's so important.
You just network, you find people that you can,
that are as driven as you,
and then you just figure out ways to work together and do. But comedy is so,
so many are lying, bro. They're lying. How so?
And you lie, you get the leverage. And like, it's
like, so the way I got hired on radio.
So at the time the thought was that this is 2001, I'm out of college.
And if I can get on the radio,
then that'll give me more access in the city.
And I can host my own comedy night by hosting my own comedy night.
I can offer money to out of towners who also have comedy nights and do
swap outs. So I needed to get the, the radio gig.
So at the time they were doing some sort of contest or some,
and who's the funniest in Birmingham, some.
And I missed the window for the contest.
And so I knew the long story,
long story short is that I go to the radio station.
I asked the guy at the time buck while he was hosting 95 7,
not the same star book, wild, different Buchwald.
I don't know any book wilds. Okay.
Perfect.
Oh, different Buckwild. Oh, okay.
So I said, Hey man, I'm a comic. I have a degree in journalism.
It's a perfect fit with me. And he goes, nah, we're done with that.
We're not going to have a comic. I go, okay, cool.
Now I've done enough of the comedy club in Birmingham to know that on black
weekends,
the black radio station hosts the black comedy night on Fridays and they throw
out t-shirts and all that. So I go to the comedy club and I told Bruce air,
as I said, Hey, I just got hired at 95 7. Um,
and they want me to open for doc ugly this weekend. And he goes, okay,
that's fine. I'll go back to 95 7. I go, yo, I know you don't want to with me,
but I'm opening for DEO this weekend. Do me a favor. Watch my set. If I'm funny,
put me on Monday morning, he goes,
you got to do so I get to the comedy club that Friday.
And all I have to do is keep Buckwild and Bruce Ayers apart
so that neither one knows what the lie was.
And Bruce came backstage. And you just, if,
as long as you act like you belong and you act like the truth is the truth.
People will kind of merge in with that. And Bruce came in there and goes, okay,
buck,
while you go out and throw the t-shirts and then you bring up Roy and I went out
and it was seven minutes,
but I crushed like just when you need that one set to go right in every
syllable, every comma is perfect.
And I demolished in front of DOJ ugly and I walk off stage and Buckwild says,
see you Monday morning. And that's how I got radio. It's just,
what were you going to do? Not booked me.
I'm already not really working the comedy club. I'm already not hired by you.
What is the penalty for this lie? Is this lie? Will this lie send me to jail?
No.
Can lie. It's a hustle lie.
Yeah.
I'm not saying load your resume with 50 different credits that you don't have,
but if you've performed somewhere else outside of where you from,
you have performed across the country. Yeah.
What you basically did, like the comedy version of a subprime mortgage loan.
He sold the house to someone who really shouldn't be buying a house,
but it worked out and he kept the house. Yeah. That's amazing.
It's chitin, man. I came up man. Cause you know, I got arrested when I was,
when I was 19. So for credit card fraud,
we was stealing credit cards in college and like buying jeans and all of that.
So my first two years of standup, I was on probation.
So when you have that,
I could have gone to jail or this could be a lot worse living in the
back of your mind, forever hustling, like, uh, people call the hustle.
I'm just like, no, this is, I have no choice. I have to do this.
I knew a dude who was one of the original credit card fraudsters.
His name was international Sal international style. Yeah, man.
He was a dude who used to come to this pool hall I was at and international
Sao was like, uh, he was a real nice guy, but he was a famous loser at gambling.
And that he would,
he would make millions of dollars on credit card fraud. He had,
they had an organized crime empire and this what they would do back in the day.
You remember they had this transparency, like they would run your card.
They will put it on a machine and go shoot, shoot.
Carbon, carbon.
Carbon.
You would take those carbons people who worked in these department stores would
take the carbons and sell them to him. He would take those carbons,
make a totally new credit card out of that car with some sort of machine.
And then they would distribute them to these guys.
They would buy goods with this stuff and then they would sell the goods.
And then guys would come to him in the pool hall with paper bags,
filled with cash.
And all he wanted to do was gamble on pool and he could never win.
And when I'm telling you never,
when that guy was playing with dirty money and he knew it, his head was up.
He would be staring that nine ball would be in the hole and he would be put
away from it. And you see his hand shaken and you just shake it,
just it up and hit the rail and bounce it off. And people would go, no,
he missed it. I can't believe he missed an international. Sal could never win.
He could never win, but he was one of the original dudes.
Did you find something from him?
Very weird. Just happened. What happened? So I'm typing,
I'm typing international Sal, right?
And I hit space bar and two things come up,
credit card thief and pool player. But when I click the search for that,
nothing shows up like for instance, credit card thief.
And it just brings up a bunch of other stuff about credit card thieves and other
seats.
Honestly, it might be because of us. I've never looked her up,
but the search might exist because of us.
Cause I know I've talked about international Sal before and him being a credit.
Card thief he's dead.
My friend's mom was actually taking care of him. Uh,
when he was in hospice, he was, he had cancer.
He died of rectal cancer mouse like Sal. Yeah, it was.
Bad. It was bad. No, no, no. Salbi Tara is a famous pool player.
This international Soule was not a famous,
Salbi terrible international south couldn't win.
But he was one of the original credit card fraudsters.
He went to jail for quite a long time and then got out and was doing the same
thing. Again.
It was crazy though. Is that when you get arrested, especially for light,
some white collar like that,
like what they don't tell you about getting arrested is that the first thing
they do is try to pin other unsolved on you.
So before you even like get a mugshot or anything,
you just go sit in a room and they go,
here are all the mugshots of other people we are looking at for similar crimes.
Do you know any of these?
And then you get a handwriting sample and then a as in like theirs and that's
when you find out like, oh,
I was just a petty teenager that just took her credit card to get some jeans.
And then you start realizing like, oh,
there's an entire syndicate of happening in this city that I didn't know
anything about. They're trying to pin on me. And that's when the fear set in.
Cause like in your head, you're like, all right,
well I know I probably won't go to jail and hope I don't go to jail.
Oh. I might go to jail.
For some you didn't do. Oh and they don't care. They do not care.
Decided you were already a criminal.
And that's when I got into comedy, that was the depression.
Like that was the moment like, oh.
Went to jail for armed kidnapping. That's how he got into comedy.
He robbed a dude over some Coke with a machine gun, taped them to a chair and.
And then when he was in jail, he learned how to do stamps.
That is the best cold open to a biopic.
When Joey Diaz gets his biopic,
it has to start with duct tape on somebody's wrist.
The duty kidnapped. He took pictures together.
Didn't he put it up on his Instagram.
He took pictures with the guy he kidnapped. He's like 31 years ago.
I kidnapped this. Now we're friends.
That's the beautiful thing. No, man. It's a redemption.
And being able to make a mistake and get back in the mix. And.
Oh, the greatest,
most disciplined people went to jail because they were like Bernard Hopkins.
One of my all-time favorite boxers.
He's one of the greatest midway champions of all time.
And Bernard Hopkins spent like six years in jail for armed robbery.
And he learned how to be disciplined when he was in jail.
And when he got out of jail, he not,
not only did he have like a drive that other people probably couldn't
comprehend, but he knew what would happen if it went bad again,
he knew what would happen if he slid back down that road again.
And apparently likes a corrections officer to said when he was getting out,
you'll be right back in here. And he was like, the. I will be the I will be.
And he turned out to be one of the greatest boxers of all time. There he is.
Joey's with the guy 32 years ago, I made a mistake. So what.
It's done when you started as kidnapped.
Showed up to my show, 32 years ago, I made a mistake.
So that's the way it's done. It's where you finish.
A little crazy, you know, that's, that's what the whole redemption is about.
And John and, you know, do what you can, which a second chance.
That's why I'm just trying to grind, man.
All this is a gift I could have been in prison.